Welcome to the 2020 Can Awards. The Can Award is an international award awarded mainly to those who have made great contributions to the field of science. In the run-up to the New Year in 2020, a virus broke out and quickly spread around the world. Now, towards the end of 2020, the fire of the virus has not yet been destroyed, and the scientific industry is in a slump. We heed the "Can Award" to promote the development of the scientific industry. Winners will receive 5,000 trillion Zimbabwean dollars, a special form this year, and the prize money will be changed to a PDF version. Today is an extraordinary day, and the two winners of this year's Can Awards will receive the highest honors today. They are Mr. Xu Yichen and Mr. Hu Fengyuan from the People's Republic of China!
 Xu Yichen, nationality of the Republic of China, born on November 26, 2008, the winner of the 2020 Can Award, aged 12. His mailbox is 'xyc_35@163.com'. 
He is responsible for collecting the class fees of my class and has made great contributions to the financial circles of my class. I believe that under his leadership, my class's finance has entered a new era! 
He also made a huge contribution to the life sciences, and he came up with the Circle guess, which was published by SCI's top journal, The Unsolt Mysteries of the Cans. 
On September 2, 2018, he set up Stealing PSX, which was dissolved in November 2019 due to human irresistible factors. 
Hello everyone, I'm Xu Yichen, from PRC. 
It's an honor to stand here today, and although the prize money is small, it means a lot to me.
 Everyone should know my circle guess, that is, 5 people and above sitting in a circle, must be at least 50% of girls.
 And I stole PSX, which was actually the company that poured out the meal because I didn't want to eat the bad canteen lunch. 
I also have a book that records all the awards. In short, I am honored to receive the 2020 Can Award
Hu Fengyuan, a nationality of the Republic of China and winner of the 2020 Can Award, was born on March 4, 2009 at the age of 11. 
His mailbox is '3wcatcatcat@163.com'. He is the representative of the Chinese class in my class and has made great contributions to the literature of my class. 
He is well versed in Python and understands BIOS, operating system building, assembly language, anticompiler, TCP/IP interactions. 
I'm Hu Fengyuan, from PRC, and it's an honor to be standing here today. 
I'll read you a poem: 'Holding two catty torture, mouth hot. 
Step on a thousand Tutons and laugh at everything Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium. 
Catty torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, 
torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture,
 torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, 
torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture,
 torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, 
torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, torture, Torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty 
torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture 
catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture catty torture torture catty hot hot hot hot hot hot hot 
hot hot hot hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot 
hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot 
hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot 
hot Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot 
hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot 
hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen 
TuEn Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu 
Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu
 Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu Tu
 Tu Tu Tu Tonton Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen
 Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen
 Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Tuen Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium,
 Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium, Nobelium. 
In short, it's an honor to receive the 2020 Can Award.
Well, today's live broadcast is over, we'll see you at next year's Can Awards! Special thanks for the technical support provided by Microsoft. Director: Can Award Committee, Video Production: Can Award Committee, Video Recording: Can Award Committee, Technical Support: Microsoft, Background Music provided by Microsoft. We promise that the video will always be filmed with a mask, that the recording site will be disinfected regularly, that people will be more than 1 meter away, and that no One Jew will be harmed in the video recording.